README.md, before:

# migrant-cohort-validation

[View on OpenSAFELY](https://jobs.opensafely.org/repo/https%253A%252F%252Fgithub.com%252Fopensafely%252Fmigrant-cohort-validation)

Details of the purpose and any published outputs from this project can be found at the link above.

The contents of this repository MUST NOT be considered an accurate or valid representation of the study or its purpose. 
This repository may reflect an incomplete or incorrect analysis with no further ongoing work.
The content has ONLY been made public to support the OpenSAFELY [open science and transparency principles](https://www.opensafely.org/about/#contributing-to-best-practice-around-open-science) and to support the sharing of re-usable code for other subsequent users.
No clinical, policy or safety conclusions must be drawn from the contents of this repository.

# About the OpenSAFELY framework

The OpenSAFELY framework is a Trusted Research Environment (TRE) for electronic
health records research in the NHS, with a focus on public accountability and
research quality.

Read more at [OpenSAFELY.org](https://opensafely.org).

# Licences
As standard, research projects have a MIT license.

Commit message:

amended code following PR review and started adding date variable checks

README.md, after:

# migrant-cohort-validation

[View on OpenSAFELY](https://jobs.opensafely.org/repo/https%253A%252F%252Fgithub.com%252Fopensafely%252Fmigrant-cohort-validation)

Details of the purpose and any published outputs from this project can be found at the link above.

# Project description

This is code for a description of migration-related coding in OpenSAFELY. 

As an overview it:

Assigns each eligible individual a migration status (at different levels of granularity)
Describes the demographic characteristics of all eligible individuals over the entire study period (2009-2025)
Describes the demographic characteristics of all eligible individuals as of the 2011 and 2021 censuses
Describes the date of entry to the UK code and the date associated with it (unsure if it is the date that the code was entered or the actual UK entry date)
Describes migration code numbers
Describes migration code combinations

The contents of this repository MUST NOT be considered an accurate or valid representation of the study or its purpose. 
This repository may reflect an incomplete or incorrect analysis with no further ongoing work.
The content has ONLY been made public to support the OpenSAFELY [open science and transparency principles](https://www.opensafely.org/about/#contributing-to-best-practice-around-open-science) and to support the sharing of re-usable code for other subsequent users.
No clinical, policy or safety conclusions must be drawn from the contents of this repository.

# About the OpenSAFELY framework

The OpenSAFELY framework is a Trusted Research Environment (TRE) for electronic
health records research in the NHS, with a focus on public accountability and
research quality.

Read more at [OpenSAFELY.org](https://opensafely.org).

# Licences
As standard, research projects have a MIT license.
